{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Answers. \
\
1. 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why is preventDefault being used in the different handlers?\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The preventDefault method is used to stop the default action of an event from occurring. For example, when a form is submitted, the default action is to send the data to the server and refresh the page. By using preventDefault, we can stop this behavior and handle the submission with JavaScript, such as using AJAX to submit the form data asynchronously without refreshing the page. This method is commonly used in event handlers to provide custom behavior in response to events like form submissions, clicks, and key presses\uc0\u8203 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2. What is a jQuery plugin?\
\
- A jQuery plugin is a method that extends jQuery's prototype object, allowing you to perform a set of actions on a collection of elements. Plugins can be used to add new functionalities to jQuery or modify existing ones.\
\
3. What is the plugin being used in this code and where?\
\
- The plugin being used in this code is the 
\f2\b \strokec2 jQuery Templates Plugin
\f1\b0 \strokec2 , found in 
\f3\fs26 \strokec2 jquery-tmpl.js
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 . It allows you to create HTML templates that can be dynamically rendered with data.\
\
4. Explain what each jQuery function call is doing.\
\
- $(selector): This initializes a jQuery object, selecting elements from the DOM based on the given CSS selector. It can select elements by ID, class, tag, or any valid CSS selector.\
\
.click(handler): Attaches an event handler function for the click event to the selected elements. The handler is executed whenever the click event occurs on those elements.\
\
.hide() and .show(): These methods hide and show the selected elements by modifying their CSS display property.\
\
.ajax(options): Performs an asynchronous HTTP (Ajax) request. The options object can specify the request type, URL, data to send, callbacks for success and error, etc.\
\
.each(callback): Iterates over a jQuery object, executing a function for each matched element. The callback function receives the index position and the element as arguments.\
\
.html(content): Gets or sets the HTML content of the selected elements. If content is provided, it replaces the current HTML content; if no content is provided, it retrieves the current HTML content.\
\
\
}